for full up again let me start by saying
if you've young'uns ever see a picture
show about a bunch of people from
different backgrounds who have nothing
in common becoming best girlfriends LOL
TBH they don't strip this out
so stop I'm over today ah some young
people - got oh oh no laughs a little
bit your time is coming please house
tour begins with all these little
delinquents showing up for Saturday
morning detention and we get a little
sneak peek at their parents hey Kay why
we all does this girl got a daddy thing
bound her will solve all her problems
this boy got detention for the first
time ever but his mama ain't like he
murders puppies this Joc got some kid
daddy saying it's okay to break the
rules as long as you don't get caught
good advice there pops I'm sure we'll
remember that when he gets off with
steroids in the wrestling locker room
there right about now these two people
showing up whose parents ain't paying
them no damn mind I'm looking like the
lucky ones
hello children I'm principal dill weed
welcome to detention or as I like to
call it a way to teach young people
early in life that there are hundreds of
ways to legally disregard your rights as
human beings I'm salty AF today I will
get my jollies by making you all red
bull essays about who you think you are
but I probably won't even read them
because I don't know from shinola about
your life also I'll be all up y'all does
this whole day in between the times when
I [ __ ] around with the janitor so don't
mess with the NAG or you gonna get the
hoops so as soon as dillweed leaves this
criminal bender starts dissing everybody
my man but it's too funny you ever heard
so even though it's hotter than
something you just sit there laughing
y'all talk it's kind of like visiting
this channel
Binda is my spirit animal and somehow
everything this greasy schmuck says
makes sense but if you young fall watch
this movie you'd be but her AAF and I
would know ki love to witness it anyway
Ben does sneaky don't want to be watched
on Saturday so he accepts to know the
library so these two start arguing
bender tells dill weed to eat his shorts
gets himself eight mo detentions until
he tries to be hip and flash to some
gang sign as if to say don't mess with
the bull are you gonna get the horns now
that's my death sound like a sexual
advancement just some children's rights
activists on this Bronco and fed up with
disabuse two children spend the rest of
their morning plotting a coup
I mean sleepin anyway they all stop
talking about how stepparent saw and
learning each other's names and this
girl says her name is Claire and benda
says she got a rotund person's name I
can't repeat it here but he is savage
this movie is so high key insulting and
politically incorrect and it hurts me
that I don't care then this channel
walks in and bended sm-2 and the janitor
says oh you think I'm just some
broke-ass taking all this from the
school well I see everything children
I'm onto you like white on rice stink on
politicians on social media die just
telling that you didn't approve me then
they all need a little lunch and claire
has sushi you know back when people
thought it was a sign of class of wealth
to eat food from other people's cultures
not like the dish I ordered the
California roll at the drive-through of
McDonald's the rest my unpacks the whole
damn grocery store this Widow makes a
cereal sandwich and Ben depicts on this
board Bryant by having a family life
that looks like an episode of Leave It
to Beaver if that episode and in someone
get into knockout oh then bender tells
them all how abused he is and everybody
feels sorry for him so they decided
they're gonna need something stronger
than sushi to get through this day back
when something stronger than as soon as
she made you a rebel instead of you know
everybody and to make sure they don't
get caught John makes a ruckus to
distract dill weed so here's kinda but
not really friends can get back to the
library the impressible dick gets all up
in benders face until we put John in
solitaire threatens him call him a
gutless turd out these sneaks back to
the library why he tells a dirty joke
and falls through the muck his ceiling
and they all hide him from deal we've
all been to actually say assault say
that Betty then he woke up that before
the toilet seat cover on his I guess he
just finished relieving himself over now
gutless turd I guess they like each
other now smoke is something stronger
than sushi with folks you don't like and
do that to you what that's why I've
heard so after they all lock and load on
some do [ __ ] took up on them fat boys
after day it clapped all right sling has
always been stupid but just y'all make
up now is just WTF
I mean oMG well you know after they take
one last dance with Mary Jane Andrew
rips off the iconic
Lusine then Alison reveals she's a
klepto bender decisis idea Claire
proposes monogamy and Ben and look at
her like WTF then Alison dumps her
powerful God and everybody to see and
Andrew says she's doing it for attention
I guess y'all young ones know all about
that did she say
each whoa wait a minute why dad she
looks just like Africa stranger things
well what don't want strange things and
I'm not pissed at Billy Bennett and
Hoppus in a Russian cell waiting for our
piss-poor government to rescue him even
though they probably gonna fail and his
only hope of us now that joint is what
the hell was on thirteen-year-olds whoa
okay let me try this again and then
Andrew tell Alison she dumps off her
stand open for attention and how she
lives in 2019 she be loving ourselves in
social media but Twitter BIOS say
something like perfectly imperfect but
that's how Andrew license win and while
that's going on deal weeding the Jenna
to talk about how some day those lose
it's in the library are gonna run the
world well let me tell you dillweed it
happened but nothing could have prepared
us for date children and then they sit
for a while and talk about their
feelings then Alison reveals she is in
addition to a klepto crazy bag lady and
Instagram influencer she is also a
nymphomaniac and Spencer day he's
showing off a new booty implants to her
psychiatrist who also follows her on
Instagram then she gets Claire to admit
she's a virgin before revealing she is
in addition to a klepto crazy bag lady
Instagram influenza and nymphomaniac
also a virgin and a compulsive liar
she look like that kind of girl too
rough folk along her wrists and say she
cuts and Andrew tells the story of how
he ended up in detention for stripper
stuff his butt cheeks together did brian
says he hates himself because he failed
a class for stupid people then Alison
reveals she is in addition to a klepto
crazy bag lady Instagram influence on
nymphomaniac virgin and compulsive liar
also Quadra dextrous meaning she can't
eat drink apply her excessive eyeliner
brush her teeth and take her booty
selfies with our hands and toes but
sushi a compulsive liar I'm not sure
that true also I just made up Quadra
dextrous then clamp what's on her lip
gloss with her titties and they realized
they are all going to become deaf
parents and how all this could be
avoided and they could change the world
if only they would decide to stand up to
their cliques and
friends with each other on Monday but
you know as well as I can do that didn't
happen because the world is every bit as
now as it was in 1985 didn't they
screaming each other and Claire cries
and Brian cries he tells them all he
felt so bad about failing the stupid
people class that he was gonna try to
off himself but he was too stupid to
know the difference between a real Sun
and a flare gun and Andrew laughed like
well damn my man seems like you'd be
deserving mm stupid people class then
Alistair reveals she is in addition to a
klepto crazy bag lady Instagram
influence a nymphomaniac virgin
compulsive liar and quadra dextrous also
so damn bored she comes to the attention
just for fun disease and they all dance
to celebrate the new friendship Wow this
is a real a real a bad and been
decreased back to his storage closet and
Claire gets Alison ready for her
Instagram debut then they make the nerdy
can't write the essay Andrew love
himself some Alison and Ben to love
himself some Claire and Brad well he
just loved himself some homework so they
get picked up by the parents of them up
and dillweed reads what Brian wrote
about all them and they say dear dill
weed you wanted us to write about who we
are but it really don't matter because
you don't give two gutless turns in your
toilet about our lives but thanks for
giving us eight hours to bond so we
could become best good friends so on
Monday we can pretend none of this ever
happened
so the new odd couples make out in front
of their parental rides clay giving you
a kiss on a diamond but you know you're
broke gonna hock it for some seeds and
John walks home and fist pump like his
life doesn't stop for the first time
ever would you poke today wouldn't know
what that's like because your lives are
always gonna sup know and be sure to
LIKE share and subscribe for your
regular dose of reality I like to call
math you can expect me to upload videos
every Friday even though I missed a few
sorry about that I had some technical
problems and mama was sick and all kind
of was hitting the fan good let's turns
were flying every which way so if you
would like to help me avoid technical
problems in the future so you can giggle
at my depths more often leave your laugh
and self on over to my patreon and give
a man a dollar I won't spend on seeing
you don't won't tip 7 California rolls
in the mcdonald trap to do your full
movies explain for i'm jim don't want to
be something california rolls in
McDonald's drive-through a dad no
you forget about me hey that hurt me